and víctor in the mechanical aldo is a magician
which is used in the central area is a
champion who has a lot of
bugs can kill their rival in a
blink of an eye
it's good sunning thank you wv and from my
point of view is one of the best
beats of the moment well we begin to stop
about 3000 defenses of power of ability
9 marks of power skill 9 stamps
of life by level and 9 teams of
magic resistance or we can opt
also for 9 reduction glyphs
cooling for masters 2109 in
focus on the magical damage and the
regeneration of marc spells of
invoker we can always play with
flash but we can choose between ghost
healing barrier or even learn but
the last one I do not recommend it so much
well now your skills your passive
glory that evolution
Victor starts with an object called
nucleus which we can improve to
get better statistics and power
improve your skills the cv will give you
more mobility of w
will bring the enemy to the center will leave her a
second damage which will do more damage
magical
the erre will move faster but this
is updated to the maximum evolution is not
good to buy all the improvements of a
flip it is better to simply update the
laser beam and start to assemble another object
and then after buying the others or even
you can buy two improvements but the
third is not advisable and you
you will be far behind
sukkur power transfer
Victor attacks an enemy unit in addition
of causing magical damage and getting a
shield increases the power of enough
self-attack stability used to make
an exchange and so not lose much
life also followed by equal attack
works with the brightness that makes the
milk ammunition a very good object its
w Gravitational field Vctor is a field
of vittorio which at the beginning was
letizia when spending time and the enemy
stay inside is studied or
paralyzed this life is good for
sanitize one against one or even in
be fights for equipment but remember this
it really works with uses of the jungle
except dragon and baron although this
unit are stud do not be afraid of
throw it since at the beginning it 's a very
good slowdown and so you can
pursue the tribal
his ray of death Victor has a
ray straight line from your arm this is
the primary ability of víctor with the
which we will reach you and we will do 30 when
this ability touch the opponent will make
all the damage and if it costs you to work
final stability to see how it is pulled
the trajectory and aims and if you know how to play
course will be much simpler and the same
do not be afraid to prepare the beam
while you keep your finger on the button and
finally his ere storm of chaos whistled
the case the singularity in the field of
battle that involves the magic year and
interrupts enemy channelings
next inflicts the magic year to
all nearby enemies
Victor can redirect the singularity
this life can throw you to several
enemies and use it while the rival
have a percentage of life down like this already
You can finish killing with the most damage
that per second
we will start doran ring in almost
all the cases still we can start
with crystal jars and we see the line
very difficult of boots we can choose
those of sorcerer or larsson already in what
I only recommend the lines if
we do not go to the sea morello not me with
the essential objects is going to be the
first update of the sex with
rabadán hat and vacuum staff
in the record update what
we will put in the skill in objects
varied we can opt for monero no me
with if we want this from r and we do not
we will assemble jon ya the code ludden for more
I got hurt are aunts to be able
survive and have this second air
setravi salt and obvious updates
of the export in order would be first in
then the q and at the end the w
recommendations try to practice the
laser beam to be able to harass and know
how to use it you can use all blue
also to heal and not just to
start fights the next total that you
cv is too powerful it is also in
reality with a give
quite low so you dare to have it
next to your ex do not take positions
risky that it could be eliminated
very quickly remember you're a great
champion with a poor high's so
try to throw all your skills in
a correct order to be able to exploit
your good rival has been everything in this guide
of Victor, I hope you have served them and
if it served him I would like him and the
they shared with those people who
They would like to reach that glorious
good evolution before finishing the
video I would like to see if you can
help in something I need to know what guide
of champion they would like me ideally is
make an echo guide by opting for
record also the guide between apple and the
tank that I know is playing a lot
lately and it's pretty good and it gives
good results the echo tank in the
together but I would also like to make a
ari ari's guide for me or if you
like it could be another guide to
champions but I need you to give me
opinions of what champion they would like
for the good guide that has been all we
we see in another video bye bye